it is often said that Python is “the best language for nothing but the second best language for everything”.

These materials are meant to be interacted with, not passively read. To help you do this, we use a software called Jupyter and files known as Jupyter notebooks which allow us to bundle a mixture of text, code, and code output together.

Being able to include both text and code allows us to do interesting computations and explain them.

This combination has caused leading companies like Netflix and Bloomberg to adopt Jupyter as a tool of choice for data analytics and reporting.
https://netflixtechblog.com/notebook-innovation-591ee3221233

pandas is a package that implements the tools necessary to do scalable data analysis.
matplotlib is a package that implements visualization tools.
requests and urllib are packages that allow Python to interface with the internet.

Warning: Python uses **, not ^, for exponentiation (raising a number to a power)!

range(N): goes from 0 to N-1

range(a, N): goes from a to N-1

range(a, N, d): goes from a to N-1, counting by d

Tuples are created using parenthesis — ( and ) — instead of square brackets — [ and ].

Tuples are immutable, which is a fancy computer science word meaning that they can’t be changed or altered after they are created.

Tuples and multiple return values from functions are tightly connected, as we will see in functions.

In general, a rule of thumb is to use a list unless you need to use a tuple.

A dictionary (or dict) associates keys with values.

It will feel similar to a dictionary for words, where the keys are words and the values are the associated definitions.

The most common way to create a dict is to use curly braces — { and }

A DataFrame is how pandas stores one or more columns of data.

We can think a DataFrames a multiple Series stacked side by side as columns.

This is similar to a sheet in an Excel workbook or a table in a SQL database.

In addition to row labels (an index), DataFrames also have column labels.
